=============
 Commandline
=============

:Author: Prem Mallappa <prem.mallappa@gmail.com>
:Copyright: Copyright (c) 2006-2013 Prem Mallappa. All rights reserved.

---------------------

.. Contents::

Using cmdline
=============

Our goal is to have much sophisticated command line. The generic driver tries
to handle frequently used commandline options

**./GoSPEL-arm -plat versatilepb -cpu model=arm11mpcore -dev mtd,amd,0x1303234,0x1232**

	-freq
		specifies the frequency in hz/mhz/ghz etc.

	-plat
		Specifies platform; for eg: arm1175, for evaluation base board from
		Cavium. This should auto-select CPU and peripherals this case it
		should select *-cpu model=arm1176jzfs*.

	-cpu
		model=arm1176jzfs[,freq=50mhz][,cache=<size>:<way>/<lines>/<bytes>:<wb/wt>
		See below anything selected using '-plat', but these options are restricted
		for the 'versatilepb', valid cpu values are arm1176,arm1156,arm1136,arm11mpcore,
		armcortexa9,armcortexa8 etc.

	-device
		refer to doc/device.txt

	-smp
		n[,cores=coremask]
		cores specifies which cores to use, for eg. 0x31 uses only cores 6,5 and 1,
		number of cores in coremask should match 'n', or else uses first 'n' cores

	-mem
		n<K/k/M/m/G/g>
		m/M=Megs, K/k=Kilo, G/g=Giga
		specifies amount of memory to be provided, Some platform defines defaults.

	-ld
		[<address>:<len>][<address>:file]
		\'len\' bytes of zeros are filled at 'address', or 'file' is loaded at \'address\'

	-perf
		Enable performance measurement

	-pstart
		[cycle]
		Start performance measurement from <cycle> cycles onwards.

	-pstop
		[cycle]
		Stop performance measurement after <cycle> cycles.


	-h
		[-help]
		Print this help message
